# Entry Task, Web FE (Black Cat)

## Setup Instructions

- Open terminal and run `git clone gitlab@git.garena.com:dianhao.yap/entry-task.git`.
- Run `npm install`
- Open a terminal / VS Code terminal window and run `npm run dev` for starting the backend mock API.
- Open another terminal / VS Code terminal and run `npm start` to start the frontend. `localhost:3000` should start in a browswer page.

## Login Instructions

The data is generated by the mock API, but one entry you can use is "yapdianhao" as the username and "myself" as the password.

## API Documentation

- `/api/users`: returns all users in the database.
- `/api/users/:id`: returns the user with specific `id`.
- `/api/events`: returns all events in the database.
- `/api/events/:id`: returns the event with the specific `id`.
- `/api/events/:limit/:offset`: retrieves the events in the database, starting from the `limit`-th event and fetch the next `offset` of them.
- `/api/eventstoday`: returns all events that start today.
- `/api/eventsttomorrow`: returns all events that start tomorrow.
- `/api/eventsthisweek`: returns all events that start this week.
- `/api/eventsthismonth`: returns all events that start in this month.
- `/api/channels`: returns all channels in the database.
- `/api/filterchannel/:channelName`: returns the specific channel which name matches `channelName`.
- `/api/comments`: returns all channels in the database.
- `/api/goingevent/:eventId/:userId`: sends a `POST` request to insert user with `userId` that is going to event with `eventId`.
- `/api/likesevent/:eventId/:userId`: sends a `POST` request to insert user with `userId` that likes event with `eventId`.
- `/api/eventsrange/:start/:end`: returns all events that start between `start` date and `end` date.

## Product requirements

- Visitors can login to view events.
- Visitors can view list of events.
- Visitors can use filter to search events (filter by date and channel).
- Infinite scroll of viewing list of events
- Visitors can view event details, title, descriptions, event photos, event date, event location, people who like, people who participated, people who comment.
- Visitors can comment, like, participate in an event.
- Visitors can view their profile page.

## Techical Requirement

- [x] **Must** create git repo on Gitlab
- [x] Commit frequently
- [x] Commit meaningful message
- [x] Setup Gitlab CI checks (bonus)
- [x] **Must** design and document backend API to retrieve data for FE interaction like login, browsing
- [ ] Decide how to implement session using sessionid vs token based method
- [x] Create own mock using `faker.js`, serve data with `express.js` service
- [ ] Implement session logic on express server (bonus)
- [x] Cannot use boilerplate like `create-react-app`
- [x] **Must** use `webpack` as build tool
- [ ] Should have separate configuration for local development and production build
- [x] **Must** support Javascript code splitting for webpack production build
- [x] Have hot reload for local development
- [ ] Support CSS code splitting (bonus)
- [ ] Setup `react-hot-loader` for local development
- [x] Use modern Ecmascript syntax like class, module
- [x] Use async / await to avoid callback hell
- [ ] Setup babel to transpile new Ecmascript for older browsers
- [x] **Must** use Typescript as static type checker and write type definition to annotate the code properly
- [ ] Document down API schema with Typescript
- [ ] Study the min browser version to support and include only necessary pollyfills to save bundle size
- [x] **Must** use SCSS as preprocessor
- [ ] **Must** use CSS modules with React component
- [ ] Add autoprefixer to cover browser dependencies on CSS implementation
- [x] **Must** use React 16+ for entry task
- [x] Use `react-router` for the routing
- [x] Explore new React APIs like hooks, suspense, memo
- [x] Setup `ESLint` as pre-commit hook
- [x] Use `prettier` to format code automatically
- [ ] Use `stylelint` as pre-commit hook to lint CSS code
- [x] Setup `jest` and `enzyme` as test framework
- [x] Write at least one snapshot test
- [x] Use enzyme to test out rendering logic for at least one React component
- [ ] Support internationalisation (bonus)
- [ ] Support server side rendering (bonus)
- [ ] Annotate page properly with SEO meta tags (bonus)
